3/4
So now I've got something working atleast, I finally managed to sort out the SQL query. I've switched from SQLite to MySQL. I'm not sure if that's where the issue was
but it's different libraries for each of them so it is probable. Anyhow.. I'm happy that I have it up and running now, and I've successfully transferred the
website and installed MySQL on my hosting machine, and it seems be working alright for now. Though I was forced to use sudo in order to attach node
to port 80, I read there's ways of getting the same result without running it as root and I'll have a look into that. I'm using tmux to keep the process running
after I logout from the ssh session. At the moment there's some pieces of code that I copied, I'll have a closer look into them so I understand how they work.
One thing I'd like to fix is so that the order is from highest score -> lowest score order on the page, using ORDER BY doesn't seem to work, might have something
to do with how I render it using jade/pug. It might be a good idea to have some sort of password check for users trying to edit the scoreboard.
Functionality that I'd like to implement is:
- Fix the order of the scoreboard
- Setup the app as a VirtualHost using Apache(proxy it). Now it's running by itself.
- Setup SSL? (low priority)
- Change the looks of the site, setup a proper css file
- Street-cred variable?
- hmm


2/4
Starting to get a grip of the way Node is setup, with help from the Express library. The issue at the moment is that I'm not able to successfully
implement "SELECT * from tableName" functionality, that would display all rows embedded in an html file or something similar.
I'm able to grab the data from the table in the SQLite database and console.log it, but when trying to for example iteratively build a string
containing the results, I get no output at the html page. I'm suspecting that this has to do with the fact that Node runs
asynchronously and something isn't happening in the right order. It could also just be because I'm not using JavaScript namespaces properly and
not building the string correctly and handling the return statements in the correct fashion, whether it's Call by Value / Reference etc. I'm not sure.
I'll have to look further into this issue before heading onto other tasks.
